Cereal Audio.
Hello, Wendell and all. Welcome to Largo in Los Angeles, California.
A very special Harmontown is now in session.
Wendell and all, please welcome to the stage the Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Dennis foamed his beer.
Alright, sorry about that.
Well, this should be a real, as is usually promised, we really got to keep this thing moving on Ruby Rails, Jeff.
I mean, for the podcast listener, there is a dais.
There are four chairs, which bodes well.
And there is what can only be described as a Stanley cup full of vodka.
And two bottles.
Well, this is Alliance member level.
Alright, thank you, Kettle One.
Dan Harmon, a new member of the, for me, unknown Alliance club for Kettle One vodka.
The real cirrhosis club.
Alright, we got to pack 90 minutes of excitement into 45 and we got three guests, Jeff.
Okay, Dan, we started at 8.13, we started at 8.12.
Do I have to stop at 45 from 8.12?
45 from now? Yeah.
I don't know.
Let's just call it fucking nine.
We're going to be done with Harmontown, then we get into the next stuff.
I don't know.
Alright.
I've never been on stage at Largo.
If something really funny happens in five seconds, we're going to end the show.
Well, I'll go to the Roger Room and get fucked up.
I'm Fernette Broncker.
Largo has a rich history.
The legendary Flanagan runs this place.
The lovely Flanagan.
Thank you, Flanagan, for having us.
Flanny to his friends.
He got Jack Black hooked on heroin here.
Yeah.
He killed Grand Parsons.
He killed...
A lot of people don't know that.
He actually murdered Grand Parsons.
Andy Kindler's balls were hit with a hammer by...
Andy did.
...Amy Mann over in the corner.
I don't know.
Largo people.
It's a rich, rich tapestry of history.
We're honored to be here and we're going to show you some Rick and Morty stuff later.
Alright, Sam.
I'm worried.
I'm worried that because you're seated with a giant flagon of vodka right now that you
won't be as dynamic as you normally are at Meltdown Comics when you stand up and treat
the people.
No, it's fine.
What good does expressing the worry do?
What are you going to...
Is that like a hot air balloon?
No.
It's like the fire will make me go higher?
It's a challenge, I'm saying, if you're going to be seated, fucking bring the thunder.
I'm bringing it.
Name a topic.
I heard socks.
I got these socks.
They don't match.
Okay, what else?
I heard firemen.
What takes them so long?
Racism.
Racism?
What's with black people?
Why are they so bad?
Shit.
See, if you were standing, you would have been more racist.
My intention was to come down against racism, not a race.
Sorry, black people.
Again.
All right, so I think we need to bring up our first guest right away.
We have a fucking surfeit of celebrity guests.
This is too much to do.
There's too much to do.
There's no time to fucking dick about.
What have you been up to?
I've gained a lot of weight.
There's two thresholds I crossed when I gained a certain amount of weight in an ascending
order of disturbance.
The first is back pain, because I'm walking for two.
Actually, just notice at a certain point that my back hurts, and then I think back
and go, oh, was I carrying something?
Yes, I was, but not with my arms.
It was an extra.
The second thing is a little thing called sleep apnea for those of you in the audience
who are familiar with this.
This is when you get so fat that when you're asleep.
How fat are you?
When you're asleep, sometimes your body forgets you're supposed to be alive.
That's sleep apnea.
Your body forgets to breathe.
You wake up going, grrr, because you're that fat.
Have you been fatter than right now?
Have you been fatter?
Ask an objective observer.
Is Pluto fatter than Mercury?
You're not going to get a definitive answer from anyone other than Earth.
Have you weighed more than you currently weigh?
I don't weigh myself.
I don't truck with that.
Have you looked in the mirror and been less or more disappointed than you are right now?
Mirrors play tricks.
Funhouse mirrors play tricks.
I saw some Communicon photos that were a bummer.
I was like, is that Dan Aykroyd at the Madame Tussaud museum?
Is that a planet of hair?
I do a bit in the community writer's room where I have two characters named Sam and Diane
that are on opposite sides of my gut.
Where are you?
Sam!
Diane, I can't find you.
Okay, let's bring out our first guest.
He's my partner.
This is a cleverly disguised advertisement for our show Rick and Morty.
Our first guest is co-creator of Rick and Morty, Justin Roiland.
Hi, buddy.
Hey, how are you?
How are you?
You know, I just want to say I think you look as svelte as ever.
Thanks, buddy.
I don't know about all this talk about being overweight.
You look beautiful.
Thanks, Justin.
And after the show, I got a bag of Doritos waiting for you with your name on it.
Oh, he's like the Colonel and I'm Elvis.
He's hooking me.
I'm like an enably.
He keeps me going with riboflavin.
He's like Flanagan to Graham Parsons.
Yeah.
Murdered Graham Parsons, you guys.
Hey, listen, it's an honor to be here.
And boy, oh boy, do we have something really special in store for all of you tonight.
Justin has a thing he was talking about backstage.
Now, you're a guy who on any given day, you'll talk about Skull Island with the gold and the reserves and the...
Talk about the fucking Woodrow Wilson, the Federal Reserve, fucking Jekyll Island.
You're sort of a doomsday prepper.
You're kind of a...
I mean, listen, a show of hands.
I can't see you because the lights are bright.
But a show of hands.
How many people think this country is just going right down into the poopy hole?
Can I get a show of hands?
Well, nobody's going to.
Anybody?
Who's going to...
You think Captain America's here?
Everyone's raising their hands.
Like one guy is going to be like two sparklers and...
No one profits from saying that America's doing great.
That was the 40s.
But you know...
The only way to earn a dollar right now is to say we're fucked.
That's the only thing that anyone's buying.
We're really fucked, ladies and gentlemen.
And if you just put a dollar on the edge of the stage there...
But you, specifically, you think that we're fucked for a really specific Art Bell kind of reason.
Well, here's the thing.
We do know that the Earth is being polluted.
We do know that we, as a human race, we've crossed a threshold in technology that is causing just chaos.
I mean, we're all glued to these fucking little tablet screens and everything.
And we probably think, hey, this is good for us.
This is great and wonderful.
Seems healthy.
But what you don't realize is that for the last century, the gray almond-eyed aliens have been living among us.
I'm not trying to be funny.
I'm not trying to fucking be a...
You know, I'm dead serious.
I believe this to be true.
And I know that they've been here.
You're still being funny.
Look, you can laugh.
You can laugh with me or at me.
But you have to laugh.
But I'd prefer you laugh at me if you don't believe it.
Because it's true.
And they are here to enslave the human race and take the planet Earth from us.
And they're going to come here and they're going to say, oh, we want to fix it all for you.
You're polluting it.
And you're doing this and that and the other thing.
But guess what, ladies and gentlemen?
We're the gray-eyed almond-shaped eye aliens.
And we're here.
And we're going to go ahead and fix it all for you.
We're going to get rid of the nuclear bombs.
We're going to get rid of all the shit China's doing and polluting the waters and all that shit.
So they're going to come to Earth and they're going to say, we're here to help you with China.
Exactly.
But.
And China's going to go, you have almond eyes.
How can you do this?
Same team.
Your eyes are shaped like beautiful almonds.
And the almond farmers especially are going to be upset about this.
But the fact remains, don't trust these fucking aliens.
They're coming to enslave us, to take over the planet and to harvest the resources of Earth.
And questions, please.
Should we introduce them?
One question before we bring out our panel of questionnaires.
Our esteemed panel.
Those resources are in order.
Yes.
Water.
Gold.
I don't know.
All right.
You know what?
Tell them water, dirt.
I mean, you know.
We've got a lot of dirt here.
Let's bring out some professional.
Oxygen.
So people who plan.
Isn't it hydrogen they want?
That makes fuel.
Listen, man.
This planet is very rare.
I mean, ask your local scientist at the scientist center.
How many other Earths have they found yet?
That fit the description.
How many scientist centers have you found?
Not.
Well, there is.
You're right.
My favorite thing is that you brought out your phone because when you were going to
warn people about the alien invasion, there's some shit you might forget.
It's not that important yet.
Silent green is.
Hold on a second.
Oh, yeah.
Silent green is people.
I had to come prepared.
I am doing this for you.
I had to make sure I didn't forget any of the most important things that have to do with
my message that I'm delivering to you people.
And I hope you spread it after tonight.
Well, I have a surprise for you because we have a bona fide global level journalist here
from the Daily Show, Mr. John Oliver.
He's a professional.
Wow.
You know how to sell your show.
You have to get on the Tonight Show before Leno leaves to promote Rick and Morty.
I don't want to talk about it, Jay.
We're all working for aliens.
You're all living a lie.
Yeah, I'll stay after the break.
Sure, yeah.
John, do you have any questions?
I have so many questions.
Go ahead, try.
But there's not so much about aliens as the source of which this information is coming from.
What's happening in your head?
The truth is happening in my head.
You sound like Rand Paul's more extreme brother.
Listen, I have a direct connection to the others.
They are a very far off race that is sending me telepathic messages
and letting me know that I must communicate to humanity.
Well, then you're the threat.
What?
Just because someone has all my eyes.
I'm more scared of the guy with a mental connection to another.
You know, you want to be scared of people with mental connections, then...
I can't wait to hear where this sentence is going.
I cannot wait.
I just want to enjoy the moment of that sentence hanging in the air.
Now finish it.
I really, I don't have any...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Ask me a question, go ahead.
Justin, what's your big fear when the aliens come?
What's the first thing that they're going to affect?
The biggest fear is that, you know, well, they're going to come down
and they're going to say, all right, y'all, here's the deal.
We're a bunch of almond-eyed aliens.
And y'all are real scared of us.
But hold on to your seatbelts,
because we're here to get rid of all the trouble, right?
They sound nice.
I know, I have a southern accent and yeah.
And then, and then, and then, you know, what's really going to happen is
they're going to start to, well, what they've been doing for the last century.
Wait, wait, what?
Oh, sorry, sorry, did I skip too far ahead?
They've been, for the last century.
The almond-eyed aliens have been here for a century?
Yeah, yeah, they've been here for a century.
And what they've been doing is they've been abducting humans
and then they've been fucking, like, interbreeding and shit
and causing this, because the problem is they can't survive in our atmosphere.
They can't, they can't survive in our atmosphere.
And the reason why is because they're a fucking alien with almond eyes,
they don't survive in this atmosphere.
So what do they do?
What do they do?
They live underwater in spaceships, they live underground.
Not really, Justin.
Yeah, go ahead.
Justin, what is your beef with almond-shaped eyes?
Also, what is the advantage for the aliens to have almond-shaped eyes?
What sort of edge does that give you?
Well, you got me there.
You got me there.
I'm not even going to try to have an answer for you on that one.
In their galaxy, there was, like, you know, there was, a million years ago,
there was a huge, like, race war between aliens with saucer-shaped eyes
and aliens that just had a nightrider slit across their face.
Yes, thank you.
You know, it's not just about answers, you're posing questions,
or you're at least inflecting up at the end of a sentence.
I have another surprise for you, Justin.
I'm trying to ease these people into the reality.
Well, you did not do that.
In no sense did you ease anyone into anything.
You came in hot.
You created chaos.
There was no sense if I got a couple of anecdotes,
and then it was, you came in shouting at traffic.
Listen, you know, you want to believe what you want to believe.
That's fine.
But I'm telling you right now, they are here.
They've been doing all this crazy shit.
What's your proof?
What evidence do you have to convince me?
That's a really good question.
Kentrails?
No.
I have another surprise for you.
Yeah, go ahead.
We have a medical expert here.
Jesus Christ.
Yes.
She worked at St. Scrubs for eight years under Bill Lawrence.
Please welcome Sarah Chalk.
Yeah!
And she found out she was doing the show tonight.
Was it tonight?
Because you followed me on Twitter?
Thank God I follow at Dan Harmon on Twitter.
Otherwise, I'd be like, the dude shouldn't show up tonight.
I was reading his Twitter, and it was like,
at Dan Harmon, at Largo, with at John Oliver,
and I just didn't really do that, Sarah Chalk.
And I was like, oh, I think that's me.
I apologize.
And then I also get emails from Largo,
which then confirmed that.
You are to be here tonight?
So have you heard Justin's theories as a medical professional?
Well, that's not actually why he brought me here.
I would prefer a de-bonified journalist introduction.
I'm even less a journalist than you are a doctor.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm actually one of the results of the interbreeding.
I don't know if you've noticed my eye shape.
Sarah, you play the mom on Rick and Morty.
That's why you're really here.
And John Oliver plays a guest in the...
We're going to be showing two episodes.
And John Oliver plays a wonderful character in the second one,
the Christmas one, which you'll see tonight.
I really hope that when you press play, it's not an episode.
It's just your face ranting more about aliens.
I really well thought, like I took the time to really write it out
and make it clear.
It's just my face with a glowing backlight.
Because you guys have no idea what to expect.
Have you seen anything of Rick and Morty since you did your voice work in front of a microphone?
No, I haven't.
I saw a couple of the animatics from early on, but I got...
That's what it's called, right?
Animatics?
The animatics.
That's how you pronounce it in Canada.
But I got the part because I could burp on cue, right, Justin?
You're very good.
Very easy to direct.
In fact, most of the time, no direction necessary at all.
She shows up and...
All right, that's it. We're done.
You did a great job.
Is that because...
Cut it in and print, wrap.
Is that because you weren't listening to her?
You were thinking about Elizabeth.
Yes.
That was good, Sarah.
It's just I got bigger issues right now.
I need to live underground.
It's hard to multitask the direction of an actor
while you're putting canned goods on a shelf
and shotgun shells.
How easy...
You guys all laugh and mock me, but I swear to God,
when they fucking show up
and you guys are all going like,
fuck, you fucking with Sirius, right?
When they show up, you said they've been here for a century.
Yeah, they've been here for a century.
Now you're warning us about them arriving.
Well, here's the deal.
I mean, they've been here for a century.
Here's the thing.
They cannot survive in our atmosphere, ladies and gentlemen.
No, they have for a century by your own...
No, they can't...
I'm texting you.
They can't live on the surface of Earth, okay?
They can't just walk around and skate around like we do
and ride our bikes and shit.
They can't do that.
So what they've been doing is they've been interbreeding
with our species for two reasons.
One, because if they fucking, you know,
interbreed with our species,
then they're going to have a connection to humanity, right?
Right.
So when they do finally show up and go,
oh, we've finally, after 100 years and some odd change,
we've finally made a fucking version of hybrid us and you.
That can totally live and hang out on Earth without any trouble.
Then the fucking...
I feel like a majority of us would then, at that point, go,
well, you should have been up front about it, but welcome.
It's kind of our stock and trade is intermingling of DNA.
That's what we've been up to this whole time.
And then that's going to happen, like he said.
And then they're going to be like, oh, and here, by the way...
Okay, sorry.
No, you go ahead.
Well, I was going to say, like, oh, hey, I fucking,
the people we made that are hybrids,
they're telepathically connected with us,
but, you know, they're related to you, so you can't hate them.
And here we go.
And then all of a sudden, flash forward 100 years,
we're all now telepathically connected with them.
And now they're monitoring our dreams.
And now they're recording every thought we have,
because they're all fucking,
we all have their DNA pumping through our blood.
And then they enslave us.
Oh, no.
And take over the resources of the planet Earth.
This is getting so close to a racial purity argument.
You just need to substitute two words in any of that.
I'm trying to warn you from this.
We as a human race need to stand up and fight
these gray, almond-shaped-eyed alien people.
Sometimes disguised as regular, almond-eyed people.
Right.
Like Tiger Woods or...
Sometimes they just look like Holly Berry,
you know, kind of boxy.
Listen, I'm not racist.
I'm not racist, if that's what you're implying.
But I were.
If it go a little something like this.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say it.
But I honestly, like, you've seen Alien Nation
with Man of the Patek and James Conn, yeah.
Like, you know, the idea, we're all prepared for that.
The idea that based on our experience here on Earth,
what tends to happen is...
Have you ever seen V?
Yeah.
It's a lot more like V than Alien Nation, man.
Because it's like, oh, they're cool.
They're gonna fucking help us out.
And then they're gonna be like, fucking...
Well, that's just because of the genre of TV.
Shit, we're fucked now. We're fucked.
Sometimes things are like N.Y.P.D. blues.
Sometimes things are like Barney Miller.
It just depends on people who are laughing, you know.
It's a same show.
The guy that showed his ass on N.Y.P. blues.
Am I thinking...
Dennis Franz.
You guys all remember Dennis Franz showing his ass?
Justin, how much of this is based on actual evidence,
and not just paranoia?
I'm gonna go ahead and tell you people in the audience
that everything I just said is based on actual evidence.
It's all 100% true.
If you wanna go home and fucking, you know,
pretend like all I said was a bunch of dumb nonsense,
then, you know, I'd go ahead and sleep fucking soundly tonight
and for the next coming weeks.
But I swear to God, when those aliens come,
and they start abducting your children
and pregnanting your daughters with half-alien humans...
Oh, here we go. Here we go.
...seeming and...
This is where I get edgy.
And then they...
They're there at Thanksgiving.
And they got engine blocks on your lawn.
You're gonna be in real trouble then.
They're putting weird shit in your DVR.
It's like, you paid for that.
You're gonna call back up this episode of Harmontown.
You're gonna put it back in your computer,
and you're gonna turn it up and put your little earbuds in,
and you're gonna go, holy shit.
That fucking guy who we all laughed at.
He was right.
And now the planet is void of war.
It's peaceful. There's no more nuclear weapons.
But I swear to God, these fucking gray,
armonite aliens, they're taking over.
And they're enslaving the human race.
We're gonna be in servitude to them.
You guys all like going to Blockbuster on the weekend
and renting a movie?
It's shut down!
This week!
Exactly!
Literally, this week!
That's my point. That's what the aliens are gonna do.
Oh, it's my point!
The aliens are gonna shut it down.
They can shut it down. The inevitable evolves.
Who?
That's what they want you to think.
And cheese factory's next.
Yeah.
And then...
I mean, do you remember when Twinkies went out of business?
Cheese factory.
Who brought it back?
Probably the fucking descendants of those
disgusting gray aliens with their armonides.
And they're merging with humans.
And they're huge cocks.
Huge, massive cocks.
And also, they're really good at Monopoly.
I mean, they will fucking...
It's a new stereotype.
That is a surefire sign.
Keep your eye on them.
They're really good at Monopoly.
They love Monopoly.
There's some guy there, you don't know, or girl.
And they have sort of omni-shaped eyes.
And they're just...
Justin, just describe another shape of eye.
There's almond eyes versus...
You know, I hear a lot of stories about the lizard men
and all these other kind of aliens.
No, no.
There's just one alien that is here,
that is present,
that is currently living on this sphere
that we call Earth,
that's floating in the middle of space,
that we are a bunch of fucking idiots
bumping around into each other on.
And those are the gray,
omni-shaped aliens.
Wait.
And they're fucking creepy.
They're killing cattle.
I mean, I could go on and on about these characters.
Well, that's just basic butchering.
Yeah, I mean...
Are you gonna put up for this?
We do that.
Can we barbeque them?
They're delicious.
It's like protein beef.
I think it's a little unfair to say.
Sarah and Chuck,
you've been kind of quiet.
Are you either an alien or...
She does have beautiful, almond-shaped eyes.
Easy, Justin.
Have you ever seen a UFO?
You know, I saw Gravity this weekend,
so I got...
Close enough.
I have seen that.
Yeah, no, I was brought here
because I am one of the obviously...
Well, let's have a dialogue
between these guys.
Have you ever met one of us before?
No.
They seem kind of cool.
They're nice.
I'm super-duper scared,
and I wouldn't move to Alaska
if that's what you're asking me,
because that's where most of the abductions
in sexual or in transplants are taken.
No, I didn't want you to move to Canada.
Tell Sarah and Chuck everything you want to tell me.
Look, Sarah and Chuck and the almond eyes
and ask her about it.
Sarah, have a dialogue.
Will you tell these people that, like,
it's all good if they want to come here
and, you know, save us from ourselves
and, you know, stop all the pollution
and get rid of all these nuclear weapons,
but can they just totally not enslave us as a race
and then, like, kill us off
and, you know, make this crazy...
You know, we're just going to be lifting weights for them.
We're going to be building pyramids for them.
But then what would be the point?
Why would we come here?
She's got a really good point.
I mean, we would have just stayed on our planet then
where we actually do run everything.
I can't believe you're winning me over with this, but...
I mean, it is a compelling argument.
You know what, guys?
Honestly, the really bad stuff won't happen
till after we're all dead anyways.
Right.
And don't you think, Sarah, as a representative...
She's right. She's totally right.
...of the aliens, wouldn't you think...
Guys like me and Justin and John Oliver and Jeff
and most of the people here in the Harbin Town audience,
we'd be kind of like...
We'd have a pass, right?
Yeah, yeah. Would you give us a pass?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We'd get to hang out.
There's going to be, like, a...
Can we get, like, a PlayStation 4 real quick and early
and, like, the Xbox One with a subway black card?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Five-dollar footlongs for life?
Is that a thing?
There's... I don't have a lot of skills, actually,
but the ones that I do have,
there will be rock band,
there will be limbo,
because that's one of the only things I can do.
I'm into that. I like that.
I can write with my feet, so all of the writing will be
with my feet. That's how you can tell I'm an alien,
because I have finger toes. They're half the length of my feet.
You know, I've got to tell you.
I feel like Justin's paranoia was dispelled
simply by a woman looking him in the eyes.
Which could be said about a lot of Internet...
From the almond eyes.
Sometimes you just need Sarah Chalk to stare at you for a moment,
and you're stopping...
Listen, if all the aliens, hybrid, human,
grays look like her, then fine.
What? That is literally...
Literally!
I don't see the argument.
Literally describing the Aryan super race.
Literally, though, the nicest thing anyone's ever said to Justin.
Yeah, that's how they're going to put it.
If you send these things from a balcony and you're yelling,
it's a whole different thing.
No, but that's why I wanted to be Beth,
and come on your show, because now, you know,
as a result, you'll all be welcome in the
little Canadian
enclave
that we live in.
That sounds nice. It sounds French.
Look at how fucked we are as a human race.
We're so...
Figgy-de-litty, figgy-de-li-fucked.
Sarah, you got to look him in the eyes again.
It's the only way to talk him off the edge.
There you go. He's down.
There should be a special window above the Internet
where there's just eye contact with a woman
who would solve every argument.
There's only one thing we can do.
It's the Canadian women, because the Canadians are very nice.
There's only one thing we can do to fight the aliens
when they get here,
and that's play this song on our iPads and iPhones.
It should be said that none of this kettle one is being drunk
at this point.
These bottles are awesome.
And the
aliens are coming.
Has that been 45 minutes, are we?
Not even close, we have another hour to go.
That doesn't even make sense.
We're at 8.39, Dan.
We're at 8.39.
Is it safe to pour this ice into my...
I don't know.
You want to say?
Okay, well then, okay.
That's not really ice.
John Oliver, I have some questions for you.
Yeah, yeah, let's talk to John.
Hello?
Hey, do all American people sound like cowboys to you?
Even if they're not cowboys, even if they're from New York?
There's a polite answer to that,
and there's an honest answer.
I don't know which one I want.
Well, yeah, you have a cowboy-ish-esque.
A twang.
A twang, there's a hue, there's a verbal hue.
Do you do an American accent?
Oh yeah.
John, John, how good are you at regional American accents?
Let's start off, let's start easy,
because you work in New York a lot.
Let's do a good, like...
Get the fuck out of here.
Let me, let me get a coffee.
Nobody tell him.
Let me get a coffee.
All right.
They are talking to you asshole.
Hey, hey, Kuchansky.
Hey, I'm working on a case.
All right, now, let's move west.
That's the most British accent I've ever heard about him.
Hey, Kuchansky.
Oh, I'm working on a case, John.
So, Gavna, you can't sketch.
The case of the missing team.
Oh, Gavna.
All right, now, let's go.
In Python, when they do sketches,
when they would talk like Americans,
they had to like really aim towards Texas
in order to really nail it.
All right, so John, John, let's go to Chicago.
Give me some Chicago.
Yeah.
How do they sound?
Okay, all right, fair enough.
I'll give you a thing.
Oh, boy, the bears are really doing real good tonight.
That was horrible, but...
Oh, I sure love my cubs.
Oh.
That's good.
You're just gonna go to Hampton.
Maybe catch the Black Hawks.
I like that.
Hey, that's something interesting.
It's the Google hockey game.
Is that right?
It's the best game you can name.
That guy.
That guy needs to be on a card.
Where in Canada are you from?
Vancouver.
Vancouver, okay, so give me like Deep South America.
Deep South?
Yeah, like Southern Belle.
Can I give you like Deep North Canada or something?
No, no, no.
Southern America.
That's already better than anything I did.
That's perfect.
All right, Dan, you do...
Chinese.
You're like Ernest and like...
Really like be a Chinese person.
Like, don't make fun of them.
Be one.
Get out of the way of my tank.
Actually, you know what?
Why am I doing that guy?
I'm gonna do the other guy.
This tank is bad!
I'm not even gonna put down my bag!
We shouldn't be running over Americans.
Don't try to steer the tank around me.
I'm the tank guy.
I'm the Tiananmen Square tank guy.
Oh, oh, oh, Jesus Christ.
I didn't even catch it.
I tried to avoid the obvious fucking racism trap
you guys set for me.
Sorry about that.
Whatever happened to Tank Man?
Justin, Justin, the Philippines are in the news.
Give me some Philippines.
Here we go.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, the Philippines.
But I'm gonna do a guy who lived on a mountain
and was totally
super rich and didn't get affected
by the thing that happened.
All right.
Oh, boy!
Can I just jump in
and give you
an opportunity
not to do this?
Because
you're facing a fork in the road
and you've turned one way
and I just want to touch you on the shoulder
and know that I did all I could.
I was gonna make him
really, like, sympathetic.
I don't know if you were gonna make him
as sympathetic as you were trying.
All right.
Give me another race.
Give me a race!
Give me a race.
Give me your best John Oliver impression.
Me? Um, hello, governor.
I'm John Oliver.
Today we're going to be talking about
a lot of stuff.
It's very Australian-y, isn't it?
I'm John Oliver and I'm the bonafide journalist.
And I have glasses.
There you go.
The alien got it.
You could never do John Oliver justice.
I'm so much happier that you did that
rather than your Philippine billionaire.
Which, at the best of times,
would have been misjudged.
At what is technically the worst of times!
You have no idea what
a rich Philippine guy would have said.
All right, Justin.
Can I...
Let's hear some Qubcois.
I grew up all of my classes in French.
So, yes, all of my teachers were Qubcois.
Give me some...
God.
Oh, my God.
Sarah and your clique, you got to shut your mouth
because otherwise I'm going to give you time out
for all of that one and that one and that one.
In your class, would they, like, get their, like...
Madame Maudet Thompson had the fork knife
and spoon mobile and she would...
If you were good in the class,
you get to go and take the fork and you get to whack that one.
But if not,
you don't get to be the one to do that.
She'd take the old big film canister
and smack it on the desk, on your desk,
and it scared the shit out of you.
It's a beautiful language.
It really is.
Almost as beautiful as German,
but it's a little bow.
What?
I'm not mad at all.
I'm just telling you that she can't be late anymore.
And I'd be like, well, you look mad.
Hey, Sarah, how come all the Canadian...
What do you call them? Provinces?
Provinces we call them, yeah.
How come the lines are so much straighter than in America?
Isn't it older up there?
Didn't we get there first?
Yes, yes.
It's a laser straight up there.
It's much older.
We are much...
Why do they call them provinces?
Also, damn that.
In the middle of Canada,
it doesn't matter because it's all flat.
It's exactly the same.
There's a lot of words that you may not...
that don't translate.
That I didn't...
that I got down here
like Garberator and Tooke.
What?
And...
These are just your friends from high school.
Yeah, I had a pretty awesome...
Shit stick, forehead,
fork, knuckle,
dick, dick,
dick, just dick.
Just dick. Which is actually translates perfectly.
Gloomy.
Garberator.
Garberator, that's a garbage disposal.
And a parkade is a parking structure.
What is the equivalent of moving to Canada tomorrow?
Do you have Alderman or Ambsbudsman?
What is the lowest level
of political representative in Canada?
You have Ambsbudsman,
and then you have all the way up to...
Schmuntzman's been sent in.
Schmuntzman, Schmuntzman.
All the way up to Mr. Ford.
All the way up to the Canadian president.
All the way up to...
Shrakshmomama.
Everything's a one-for-one analog up there.
Sarah.
I know it's not America's job to button...
We make it our job to button to other people's politics,
but how do you feel about Toronto's mayor current?
I mean, he has got a lot
to eat at home.
Oh, yeah.
That was my favorite one, I think.
Oh, yeah, the eating pussy line is fucking good.
Wait, what's happening with Toronto's mayor?
He's smoking some crack.
He drives drawings.
He urinates in a schoolyard.
He poosmoos in the toilet.
This must be so exciting for your three
prime-time Canadian talk show hosts.
Or late-night...
Goddamn it, I fucked up a joke.
It's okay.
I don't want one tonight.
Don't let it...
You guys have a Marion Berry, that's what I'm hearing.
Yeah.
Your Toronto mayor is...
Yeah, he's in trouble. Fuck.
Yeah, it's nice. It lowers the bar
for the rest of us Canadians to speak in public.
Like, tonight, I just don't have to...
You don't have to smoke crack?
I just have to make sure I don't pee on anybody.
And I'm good.
Public speaking's no problem.
You know what's funny about all this
is the way aliens show up.
Like, they don't give a fuck.
They're gonna, like, shit in your mouths.
Jesus Christ.
They're gonna shit in your mouths.
They're gonna shit in our mouths?
Yeah, yeah.
And you're all laughing now,
but when you're strapped down
and your eyes are peeled open
and they're bent over and shitting in your mouth...
Can you just honestly, like...
I think even the great aliens
with their different moral code
Justin, how old are you?
Me? Yeah.
I'm 33 years old.
And every year I get closer to the inevitable death
that we all will face.
I want you all to fucking think about that tonight
when you're going to sleep. We're all gonna die.
There's nothing you can do about it.
And what the fuck happens after that?
Go ahead. What was your question?
My question was this...
Anyway, sleep well, children.
My question was that...
I've heard it said that schizophrenia
really, or like around like late 30s and 40 years old.
I think I might be out of the window.
I think I'm out of the window.
No, no, because I think you might be
like right in prime time schizophrenia.
Like maybe you just lost your fucking mind.
I think I'm totally in the window. Huh?
I'll tell you what, if this turns out to be
that I'm actually in a padded cell in a straight jacket
and I'm just talking to myself right now,
then I'm totally schizophrenic.
But if I'm really in front of a bunch of people
with lights on me and Dan Harmon's
are there and John Oliver and Sarah Chuck
I can't be schizophrenic if that's the case.
I'm not saying... I'm not here.
Holy... John Oliver died four years ago.
Flannigan killed him.
Elvis Presley's right over there, right?
I mean, right?
No, you're psychotic
if you're in a different place.
If you're schizophrenic, you could just think that
that's just making extra connections.
I hear that if you're schizophrenic,
you hear audible hallucinations
and then you want to kill people.
There was this kid that used to go to the card shop
that I used to go buy my comics at
and he was always there playing magic
and Pokemon cards with people
and then one week he just wasn't there
and the shop was kind of...
everyone was real quiet and it was sort of depressing
and I asked the guy as I was checking out...
The exits are two to the left.
I asked the guy...
I said, hey, where's Jimmy at?
He's usually here every week
when I pull in and buy my comics
and he's like, yeah, he was Skitzo
and he killed his fucking grandmother
that he lived with.
He fucking gouged her eyeballs out
because she made him stop taking his meds.
That's so weird because I was convinced
that story was gonna end well.
It's a true story.
Let me tell you about it.
That's what happened.
And I'll tell you the other thing.
I still buy my comics.
This is how I reacted to hearing that news.
I swear to God this is true.
I'll take an extra issue of Watchmen.
Kind of.
I was like, oh, wow, that's...
In that case. See ya.
That's what I did. I said, all right, well...
I will give Amazing Spider-Man another try.
Spider-Man 2032.
Oh, he's amazing now?
$3, please.
Oh, my God.
The girl he's fucking's got dark brown hair.
Oh, sold.
I hated redheads.
I can't wait to see this fucking cartoon.
Yeah, are we... are we... are you guys ready?
Have we run up the goddamn meter?
Have we...
Have we driven this taxi cab
around the block? Perfect segue.
Anyway, I think you have a clip.
Are you guys ready to see the world premiere
issue
of Rick and Morty?
From the mind of this man, which is now gonna see
disappointingly conventional.
Let's thank Sarah Chuck, John Oliver,
and Justin Ryland for coming up.
Enjoy. Enjoy two episodes
of Rick and Morty. If you're listening
in the podcast world, you're just
gonna have to tune into Adult Swim
on December something. December 2nd.
December 2nd, and then
like, like, like seven days after that,
you know, like, I don't know.
And hey, as long as there's at least 500 people
listening, community premieres
January 2nd.
February 2nd.
Isn't it February? No, it's January.
Oh, it is? Oh, shit. I'm sorry. I fucked up.
I may have just jumbled our numbers.
Sit down, everybody. The screening
of Rick and Morty is coming right up.
Are we... are we... are we...
Sit down, Justin. You're done.
Harmon's gonna make himself a drink.
Do it.
All right.
Well, that's everybody. The premiere is coming right up.